the largest migration on the
planet happens every day and it
happens in the ocean
so you know how people have fish
finders we have things like that
on oceanographic research
vessels that use sound to look
at particles in the water and
you can see these particles
moving up through the water at
different times and back down
and others and it's plankton
vertically migrating to the
surface each light dinner
animals that tend to drift
around the current but they do
have the ability to move up and
down through the water column
- during the daytime they want
to be in water where it starts
so they can be seen but at night
they moved to the surface where
they can buy the things that
they eat where hopefully things
will eat them don't see them
this happens all around the
planet in every ocean
it's amazing